README.md, before:

# Debian Box

Packer templates to build Vagrant Debian boxes.

## Synopsis

This is a set of templates designed for use with Packer to create Vagrant
boxes with Debian installed.

## Getting Started

There are a couple of things needed for the templates to work.

### Prerequisites

Packer tools need to be installed on your local computer.

#### Packer

Packer installation instructions can be found [here](https://www.packer.io/docs/installation.html).

#### Vagrant

Vagrant installation instructions can be found [here](https://www.vagrantup.com/docs/installation/).

#### Virtualbox

Virtualbox installation instructions can be found [here](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads).

### Installation

Nothing special to be done. Just download the template that you wish to use.

### Usage

Detailed instructions can be found on the specific release folders.

## Contributing

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request

Please read the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file for more details on how
to contribute to this project.

## Versioning

This project uses [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions
available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/fscm/packer-vagrant-debian/tags).

## Authors

* **Frederico Martins** - [fscm](https://github.com/fscm)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/fscm/packer-vagrant-debian/contributors)
who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE)
file for details

Commit message:

updated the main readme file (parallels build)

README.md, after:

# Debian Box

Packer templates to build Vagrant Debian boxes.

## Synopsis

This is a set of templates designed for use with Packer to create Vagrant
boxes with Debian installed.

## Getting Started

There are a couple of things needed for the templates to work.

### Prerequisites

Packer tools need to be installed on your local computer.

#### Packer

Packer installation instructions can be found [here](https://www.packer.io/docs/installation.html).

#### Vagrant

Vagrant installation instructions can be found [here](https://www.vagrantup.com/docs/installation/).

#### Virtualbox

Virtualbox installation instructions can be found [here](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads).

#### Parallels

Parallels installation instructions can be found [here](https://www.parallels.com/eu/products/desktop/resources/).

From Parallels Desktop version 11 onwards Pro or Business edition is required.

[Parallels Virtualization SDK](http://www.parallels.com/download/pvsdk/) is
also required.

### Installation

Nothing special to be done. Just download the template that you wish to use.

### Usage

Detailed instructions can be found on the specific release folders.

## Contributing

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request

Please read the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file for more details on how
to contribute to this project.

## Versioning

This project uses [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions
available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/fscm/packer-vagrant-debian/tags).

## Authors

* **Frederico Martins** - [fscm](https://github.com/fscm)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/fscm/packer-vagrant-debian/contributors)
who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE)
file for details
